<h1> The Death of Complexity </h1>
The Panel that Dealth with the Discussion on the Death of Complexity had apart from Microsoft Germany  COO Jane Gilson a lot of other cool people from the Design world in it.
The main point that people where trying to make is that we as an industry are now at the point where the usability of a Product is the most imporant part for the market place.
Its not any more about all the different features but rather that its easy and intutitive for the end user.
After a few Points by Jane Gilson about what Microsoft tried to do with Windows 8 to implement those ideas into their product line i decided to give windows 8 a try.
So far i rly like it. Its not as nice as a Mac but it comes pretty closes. And at least from a design standpoint it feel that its going into the right direction.
<h1>Cebit 2013</h1>
If u don't know Hannover is hosting the Cebit at the moment.
Its the biggest computer fair worldwide. If you don't have the luxury of going there in person make sure to check out the vods.
There are some great Discussions and Speeches by some rly great minds of our time.
So far the most interessting Speeches i would consider the Discussion with Mozillas CEO Gary Kovacs and the Chief Scientist at Salesforce JP Rangaswami 
also the Discussion about BIG Data Reloaded was quite good
It was intended to continue where Werner Vogels the current amazon CTO left of last year.
Last Years Speech was titled BIG Data and coverd the Problem and its impliations for our society.
One of the Speeches i rly didn't like was the Speech by Microsoft COO Kevin Turner.
He made his case for why the experience on a Touch Device with Windows 8 should be the same as if you were sitting at a Desktop running Windows 8.
As i use my iPAD quite a lot and also my Mac Book Air.
I could not dissagree more on this point.
Since i feel like there are some things that are better and nice on a Touch Device while there are others that are better suited for the Desktop.
We can see that this is a trend that at least in the Mac world people seem to favore since a lot of Apps are now individually designed for the Desktop iPad and iPhone.
The design Philosopy is that they are very different devices therefore the Userinterface should take that into account.
